gotta keep your feet on the ground and
make sure that you take the opportunity
because they don't come along very often
we are soaky's now proud women ablution
these cars trains planes and coaches
full of red and white water side open up
strokes and with the famous trophy this
will be the pinnacle match would really
cap it all jump aboard or ask you the
capital we all know never want any more
cause you can never have a woman that
they caught before in two days in April
or May we go into shorts out well be way
the noise from the boys will transfer
the bridge and tear new wesleyan to the
bass head here for the first time since
72 or 39 years later we go it true we
just got there
we are the Potters will foil I will cry
on a tree off the Trotters we believe
unintelligible done it already with
victory in the semi-final
Sorensen going to have to be saving have
a bike on the distance someone throwing
stroke the still resistant we've made
the semi-final rise in 1899 and in the
seventies twice when Arsenal prevailed
and Stoke City failed for these pain to
explain when the stories regale there
without though he's ride while the
referee did outside was uniting their
valiant man
but the reason possible Nevada County
all the teams there's news when so back
to Wembley they lose the lead corporate
author blasts why to be played three or
two more be nice
you leased a cross the football happen
when the FA Cup 2011 we believe unable
to achieve that you will turn in our way
we shall remember three legit tree in
the semi-final to go we believe on equal
75 to do it all the way to judge it
boy still remains caught people number
one or as mirrors near should he be
called upon the mountain defense we
volley and march like a lion might you
write your crusty bottom college Sean
Dow Jones dong sword there it is
the Berlin Wall Wilson wheel and Walters
pew Welker white at this junker real
Jermaine is the same every game he is a
defender surrender to adrington space
Rory's glorious monstrous throw holy
guacamole does the goalie come walk out
and if they can't take you these magics
from Jamaica with Ricardo's wonderful
strikes criticize chastise and
oppression by just what we so can we
play how we lie
so the here we go it's time to rock and
roll we lay all of our dreams are your
feet in your world for a destiny a wish
in the well mr. shiner teeth
what's advantages star never did what
you can for the proud pottery spoke
bring back the court
we believe
you